[WIP] Pluggable health check (#438)
akka/akka-management: docs/src/main/paradox/healthchecks.md

# Heath checks

Akka Management supports two kinds of health checks:

* Readiness checks: should the application receive external traffic, for example waiting for the following to complete
    * Joining a Cluster
    * Establishing a connection to a database or queuing system
* Liveness checks: should the application be left running 

Readiness checks can be used to decide if a load balancer should route traffic where
as liveness checks can be used in environments which can restart a hung process.

> This matches [Kubernetes Health checks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-probes/).

Reviewer: Should we also link to Colin Breck's advice? https://blog.colinbreck.com/kubernetes-liveness-and-readiness-probes-how-to-avoid-shooting-yourself-in-the-foot/

Author: Good idea

Application specific health checks can be added by appending the fully qualified class name to `akka.management.health-checks.readiness-checks` or `akka.management.health-checks.liveness-checks` e.g.

@@snip [reference.conf](/cluster-http/src/main/resources/reference.conf)  { #health }

Note the `+=` to add a health check to the list rather than overriding the existing property.

## Hosting health checks as an Akka Management Route

Health checks can be hosted as via the Akka management HTTP server. To enable this add the `HealthCheckRoutes` as an Akka management route provider:

@@snip [application.conf](/bootstrap-demo/local/src/main/resources/application.conf)  { #health-route }

By default all readiness checks are hosted on `/ready` and liveness checks are hosted on `/alive`. If all of the checks
for an endpoint succeed a `200` is returned, if any fail or return `false` a `500` is returned. The paths are configurable via `akka.management.health-checks.readiness-path` and `akka.management.health-checks.liveness-path` e.g.

@@snip [application.conf](/bootstrap-demo/local/src/main/resources/application.conf)  { #health }

> 

Reviewer: docs looking good

# Heath checks

Akka Management supports two kinds of health checks:

* Readiness checks: should the application receive external traffic, for example waiting for the following to complete
    * Joining a Cluster
    * Establishing a connection to a database or queuing system
* Liveness checks: should the application be left running 

Readiness checks can be used to decide if a load balancer should route traffic where
as liveness checks can be used in environments which can restart a hung process.

This matches [Kubernetes Health checks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-probes/).

## Defining a Health Check

> A health check is conceptually of the shape @scala[`ActorSystem => Future[Boolean]`]@java[`ActorSystem => CompletionStage<Boolean>`].

Reviewer 2: Will Java users understand the arrow function type syntax? Maybe better to write it out?

```suggestion
A health check is conceptually a function from an `ActorSystem` to a @scala[`Future[Boolean]`]@java[`CompletionStage<Boolean>`].
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, now that I read below that these actually take the `ActorSystem` in a constructor, I wonder if this sentence just confuses things. Maybe it's better to drop this sentence, and move "A health check must extend..." up here.

Author: Agreed!

Reviewer: also, I think we moved the ActorSystem to a constructor parameter
(and Java syntax would be `->` if any arrow)
